Update index.md (#13151)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/first_steps/what_is_javascript/index.md

### Using addEventListener instead

Instead of including JavaScript in your HTML, use a pure JavaScript construct.

> In this case the `querySelectorAll()` function allows you to select all the buttons using one instruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `querySelectorAll()` function allows you to select all the buttons on a page using one instruction.
You can then then assign a handler for each using `addEventListener()`. 
```
